30 years ago, Lei Hong faked a car accident
Killed his own partner
He also pretended to be his family to deceive the owner of compensation
Close its qualifications
Earned a profit of 50 million and received the first initial funding
Nonsense
Second Emperor Xinkou
Build something out of nothing
Why don't you hurry up and get out of here 25 years ago
Until the left foot kills people, it is even worse than Satan
Several times to kill horses
Count, there are dozens of acres at the smallest
Give me how much of yourself you think is enough to die
Why does he do everything?
Something without evidence
You say I did it, I did it
You slander me so much
Did you know that you can go to jail for spreading rumors?
Lee, you are capturing attention in prison
It sounds like he dares to speak out
How brave
What happened to you in prison
How can you say it?
Tell me you're wrong.
Qin Yan, you are tied up by me and talking
Dad, what are you thinking?
You are not a weakness
This silly girl, I still think she's hiding on the tiger
I seem to have seen it somewhere
Mr. Qin
You want to talk nonsense like forestry
Is it a random climbing relationship?
My lord, this forest is not just a rumor
He still dares to pretend to be the new master
He said today without him
This captain can't handle it if he's older